Hello this is Kirill,  and welcome back to
the course on Tableau. And
congratulations on completing the first
section of the course and more
importantly on making this step into the
second section. I'm super excited that
you're here and I hope you are as
enthusiastic as I am about the material
that we have ahead of us. In this section,
we have a real business problem a real
challenge ahead of us, and let's have a
look at what it is.
So here's a document that specifies the
challenge.
Let's have a look. It's end of financial
year and that means it's time
for annual bonuses! The store (which we are
looking at) the store operates in three
regions and only the top-performing
employee in each region qualifies for a
bonus. Find out which three employees are
eligible to get a bonus, to get bonuses
for this year. Employees are measured on
the total number of, total value of sales.
And the data as we discussed is
located at this link so here's the
website and you can download the data
here so, just a quick oh word of caution
if you're using can just normal windows
get this first file. If you're using a
Mac get the second file and if for some
reason for whatever reason you will
experience problems with either of these
csv files then just go ahead and
download the third file and proceed as
we did in the previous section within
Excel data source. But do let me know and
I will definitely do everything I can to
help you out to make sure you can you're
able to work with csv files as well
because they are quite common. So, save
link as and I'm going to show to my
Tableau course folder, save. There's the file.
So what is csv file is? It's basically a
text file but it's data separated by
commas and that's why it's called a
comma separated values file that's what
CSV stands for.
So let's open that up and have a look. Ok
so this file contains once again
transactions
and split by region. It's got the
representative name so the person who
conducted that transaction what he sold
so this is a stationary shop and office
supplies shop so they sell pens, binders
desks sometimes and the number of units
that were sold and the unit price. So
this is a much smaller file only 44 rows
including the header. So it is a very basic
sample file and but it's good it's good
to start with this because it will help
us understand exactly how Tableau works.
And moreover if you do have anything
that you're curious about you can always
come back into the file and have a look
for yourself and even just filter out
that information that you're looking at
in Tableau and just compare. It's a very
good very small very good file to start
exploring Tableau with. That's exactly
what we're going to do. So in this
section we've got quite a lot of ahead
of us.
We're going to be looking at awesome
things like creating on calculated
fields, we'll be working with colors, we'll
be adding labels, we'll be formatting our
chart, exporting our worksheets and all
the basics.
We're going to cover them in this
section and that will create a great
foundation for us going forward, so we'll
get started in the next tutorial and I
look forward to you then
until next time happy analyzing.